## Preamble

This preamble is not part of the license.

I would like to release this project under an
[open-source license](http://opensource.org/osd). However, I asked permission
instead of forgiveness, so now I'm waiting for Acquia's legal team's approval.
This should be a no-brainer, because Acquia previously open-sourced a similar
[log streaming client in ruby](https://github.com/acquia/logstream), and
because anyone who has the Chrome extension .crx file can just unzip it to get
the source code anyway. For now though (probably until some time in January
2016) this project is released under the commercial license below. The license
is intended to allow you to freely use and share the software as long as you
don't sell it or claim to represent Acquia. The intent is also to allow you to
make changes to the software and contribute them back to the project under the
same license as long as you don't otherwise distribute those changes.

## License

Copyright (C) 2015 Acquia, Inc - all rights reserved.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Licensor hereby grants
You a worldwide, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, perpetual license to:

    - Use the Software within your company for the sole purposes of monitoring
      or debugging your products, maintaining your products, or enhancing the
      interoperability of your products with Acquia products.
    - Produce and Reproduce, but not Share, modifications to the Software for
      Non-Commercial purposes or to contribute back to this project only.
      By submitting a contribution to this project, you grant Acquia a
      worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to
      use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display,
      sublicense, and distribute your Contributions and such derivative works
      as part of this Software without limitation, and you represent that you
      are legally entitled to grant such license.

Nothing in this License constitutes or may be construed as permission to assert
or imply that You are sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status by the
Licensor.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
